Much of the JR vsuite is based on the SR vsuite.  We have retained
much of the same directory structure.

Some of the programs were translated automatically by the SR->JR
translator and then cleaned up by hand; unfortunately, these programs
are not so readable by themselves and the original comments were
stripped.  If necessary, see the original SR code for cleaner code and
comments.

Some of the SR tests have been eliminated -- especially those tests of
purely sequential SR features.  Given that JR is built on Java, we
don't need to test those features (we hope!).

Some of the tests have been modified to better suit JR.

Some new JR tests have been added, e.g., of operation inheritance.

In creating the vsuite, we discovered some additional nondeterminism
in the original SR tests and have therefore modified the programs or
test Script accordingly.  (Additional unintended nondeterminism might
still remain.)

Most of the JR vsuite was developed in December 2000, before the
process abbreviation was added (January 2001).  We did convert some of
the tests to use the process abbreviation, but left most of using the
the usual (but messier) op,proc,send.

One unimplemented features affected the vsuite tests: no automatic
termination.  Our tests used a timer or exlicit done messages.  (For
those with a timer, we think we picked a large enough timeout for most
reasonable systems; but if the program doesn't run on your system, a
larger timeout might be needed.)  Should rewrite some of the tests
when automatic termination is implemented.

(The co statement and quantifiers on input statements also aren't
implemented and had a smaller effect on the vsuite tests.)


It would be nice to have some installation-indepent way to test VM
creation on several platforms, but that's not so easy.  (If we had a
"install script", it could get the name of 2nd system and, if one
exists, write name to file that's used by vsuite test.  But, we don't
have any such script like that.)


----------------------------------------------------------------------
2001-03-07  cleaned up most of those problems.

2000-12-20  some problems/questions remain and are indicated by files
	    with obvious names; do a `ls -R'.
